So let us write a function has path which takes in
the root of the tree and the expected sum value
and returns an integer that is the result of checking
So first we need to subtract the current node value
from the given sum. So write int new sum equal
to sum-root->data. We need to recursively
do this process to left and right sub tree
with the new sum.
If any path either in left sub tree or in right sub tree
has a path with given sum,
we can return true. So write return hasPath(root-left)
or hasPath(root-right). And when
the traversal reaches null, which means we have come
to the end of a path, we need to check
whether the sum value is equal to zero
If it is zero, we can return true otherwise we
can return false. So write the base case
If root equal to null, return sum equal to zero
If the sum value is zero it will return one otherwise it will return 0. And that's it.